Modify rule S7088: add Swift (SONARSWIFT-686) (#5277)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S7088/swift/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

Transport Layer Security (TLS) provides a secure channel between systems communicating over the internet by encrypting the data sent between them. HTTPS uses TLS on top of HTTP to build a secure communication channel.

This secure protocol is essential for the confidentiality and integrity of the communication during supply chain operations. This includes fetching dependencies with the Swift Package Manager (`swift package resolve`, `swift package update`, etc.).

> The `Package.swift` manifest file defines a project's dependencies for the Swift Package Manager. When declaring a package dependency, a URL to its Git repository is specified.

Reviewer: "defines a project's dependencies" does not seem correct to me. Could it be "defines project's dependencies" ?
```suggestion
The `Package.swift` manifest file defines project's dependencies for the Swift Package Manager. When declaring a package dependency, a URL to its Git repository is specified.
```

> It is important that secure schemes are used for these repository URIs. Using `https` provides an additional layer of security by encrypting transferred data and verifying the server's identity.
> 
> Using the unencrypted `http` protocol for package dependencies is not generally recommended. It makes the build process vulnerable to man-in-the-middle attacks, which could lead to using compromised dependencies.

Reviewer: "Using `https` provides an additional layer of security by encrypting transferred data and verifying the server's identity." feels redundant.

```suggestion
. Using `https` provides an additional layer of security by encrypting transferred data and verifying the server's identity.

Using the unencrypted `http` protocol for package dependencies is not generally recommended. It makes the build process vulnerable to man-in-the-middle attacks, which could lead to using compromised dependencies. It is important that the `https` schema is used for these repository URIs
```
